[main]
host     = https://www.transifex.com
lang_map = uz: uz_UZ, sw: sw_SW, sr@latin: sr_RS

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:accountancy]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/accountancy.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/accountancy.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:admin]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/admin.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/admin.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:agenda]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/agenda.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/agenda.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:assets]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/assets.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/assets.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:banks]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/banks.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/banks.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:bills]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/bills.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/bills.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:blockedlog]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/blockedlog.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/blockedlog.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:bookmarks]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/bookmarks.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/bookmarks.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:boxes]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/boxes.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/boxes.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:cashdesk]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/cashdesk.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/cashdesk.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:categories]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/categories.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/categories.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:commercial]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/commercial.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/commercial.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:companies]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/companies.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/companies.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:compta]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/compta.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/compta.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:contracts]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/contracts.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/contracts.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:cron]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/cron.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/cron.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:datapolicy]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/datapolicy.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/datapolicy.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:deliveries]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/deliveries.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/deliveries.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:dict]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/dict.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/dict.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:donations]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/donations.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/donations.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:ecm]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/ecm.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/ecm.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:errors]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/errors.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/errors.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:eventorganization]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/eventorganization.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/eventorganization.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:exports]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/exports.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/exports.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:help]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/help.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/help.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:holiday]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/holiday.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/holiday.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:hrm]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/hrm.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/hrm.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:install]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/install.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/install.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:interventions]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/interventions.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/interventions.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:intracommreport]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/intracommreport.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/intracommreport.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:knowledgemanagement]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/knowledgemanagement.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/knowledgemanagement.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:languages-not-res]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/languages.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/languages.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:ldap]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/ldap.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/ldap.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:link]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/link.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/link.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:loan]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/loan.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/loan.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:mailmanspip]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/mailmanspip.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/mailmanspip.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:mails]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/mails.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/mails.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:main]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/main.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/main.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:margins]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/margins.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/margins.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:members]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/members.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/members.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:modulebuilder]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/modulebuilder.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/modulebuilder.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:mrp]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/mrp.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/mrp.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:multicurrency]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/multicurrency.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/multicurrency.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:oauth]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/oauth.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/oauth.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:opensurvey]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/opensurvey.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/opensurvey.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:orders]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/orders.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/orders.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:other]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/other.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/other.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:partnership]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/partnership.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/partnership.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:paybox]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/paybox.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/paybox.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:paypal]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/paypal.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/paypal.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:printing]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/printing.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/printing.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:productbatch]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/productbatch.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/productbatch.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:products]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/products.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/products.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:projects]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/projects.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/projects.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:propal]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/propal.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/propal.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:receiptprinter]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/receiptprinter.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/receiptprinter.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:receptions]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/receptions.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/receptions.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:recruitment]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/recruitment.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/recruitment.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:resource]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/resource.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/resource.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:salaries]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/salaries.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/salaries.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:sendings]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/sendings.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/sendings.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:sms]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/sms.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/sms.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:stocks]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/stocks.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/stocks.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:stripe]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/stripe.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/stripe.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:supplier_proposal]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/supplier_proposal.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/supplier_proposal.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:suppliers]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/suppliers.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/suppliers.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:ticket]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/ticket.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/ticket.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:trips]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/trips.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/trips.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:users]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/users.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/users.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:website]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/website.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/website.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:withdrawals]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/withdrawals.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/withdrawals.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:workflow]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/workflow.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/workflow.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

[o:dolibarr-association:p:dolibarr:r:zapier]
file_filter = htdocs/langs/<lang>/zapier.lang
source_file = htdocs/langs/en_US/zapier.lang
source_lang = en_US
type        = MOZILLAPROPERTIES

